La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
I want to sing to Jehovah just like Deborah did.
What inspired her to sing?
Come on, let's have her tell us.
It's a great story.
Hi everyone, it's me, Deborah.
During my time, the Israelites were very afraid.
Some even left their villages to hide.
Who were they afraid of?
This guy, Cicera.
He was chief of the Canaanite Army.
They were all big bullies.
But was I afraid?
Now with Jehovah on my side.
Look, there I am.
I was a prophetess.
And Jehovah gave me good news to tell Israel's new leader,
Beirak.
I reassured him when you face Cicera, Jehovah will help you win.
I received courage from Jehovah.
And that gave Beirak and the Israelites courage as well.
Jehovah defeated Cicera just like he promised.
And that's why I was singing.
Listen you kings to Jehovah, I will sing.
Jehovah's friends show courage.
Why not read the whole story and let Deborah's example encourage you?
Make time every day to learn from Jehovah's friends.
What do you think?
How did Deborah show that she was Jehovah's friend?
When is it hard for you to be courageous?
How can you help a friend be courageous?